

Intro - I think i find most intriguing is AI, Algo and complicated and machine vision. XBox kinet API and heaurustic analysis and dynamic poses. 
YMCA dance composition. Also took a machine learning class. Little bit of analysis and i took the data. 

How do you see the industry evolve in next 5 years. They are more prevalant than we think. Cortana and Siri are applying learning Algo

You phone is identifying your purchasinghabit and consuming habit and be able to give suggestion on how purchasing choice and 
in alignment. 

People who are successful that success is in technology. 

Military - deployment system is man. Traffic route and travelling sales 

Event planning 

Profit margin

Forecasting

Sales and Marketing scenarios. 

Lot of automation. 

I asked him is AI, machine learning and big data has high correlation with making the services more reliable. 

They do try to have a flexible load. Big data could be used to get heaviest load time and predictable access patterns and inadvance predict the load. 
They would then be prepared for the spike. Which increase reliability and performance. 
There are certain organization intentionally target sercies and knowck them out. Big data security analysis can identify traditional and non traditional ussage 
traffic pattern and flag them. When non traditional pattern hit a threashold. Certain action could be taken -Temporary restriction on the IP address, 
blacklist structure, Some thing along the line of preventing access for a time duration. 

usage statistics and log of  patters of logon. Identoify the usage pattern. That data is reporting to the service so its behaviour can change. 

Machine learning and various algorithm. I train those algorithm that they produce output that are highly accurate. 

AI makes a decision based on the output produced by the machine learning.  The service can make a choice and respond with appropriate behaviour. 

I asked which area is of interest to him. Applying Big data, Machine learning and AI in a specific area or 
Improving the Machine LEarning and AI domain , research and improve the expansion of the domain.   
He is interested in both of them. 

Just 2 of 

Host his own minecraft server. 


